 Academically, I am very self-disciplined.
 Activities in which I plan to participate during my first year that may impact my
 Being away from family
 Being in a large environment
 Briefly describe your career interests:
 Doing well in my classes
 Do you plan to take coursework in a modern/classical (i.e., non-English) language?
 Finding help if I need it
 I am a hard worker.
 I am diligent.
 I am interested in one of the Pre-professional areas:
 I find it difficult to motivate myself to study for my courses.
 I find it hard to stick to my study schedule.
 I finish whatever I begin.
 I have been obsessed with a certain idea or project for a short time but later lost
 I have difficulty maintaining my focus on projects that take more than a few months to
 I know how to manage my time.
 I know how to study for tests.
 I know how to study well.
 I often set a goal but later choose to pursue a different one.
 I plan to live
 I schedule more time to study for difficult classes.
 I set goals for the grades I want in my classes.
 I study just what I need to know to pass.
 It is important for me to do as well as I can in my courses.
 I usually plan out my week's work in advance.
 I usually start an assignment shortly after it is assigned.
 I will develop a strong plan for academic success.
 I will handle any academic issues I might encounter.
 Knowing how to study
 Majors of Interest:
 Making Friends
 Making the right major/career decision
 Managing my time
 My academic performance is important to me.
 My first term, I plan to work off campus this many hours:
 My first term, I plan to work on campus this many hours:
 My most difficult subjects are (select all that apply): 
 My parents earned a Bachelor's Degree.
 My strongest subjects are (select all that apply):
 New ideas and projects sometimes distract me from previous ones.
 Number of activities I plan to be involved in at UNL:
 Paying for college
 Setbacks don't discourage me. 
 The amount of time I plan to study outside of class time in college:
 The average number of hours I spent in high school studying outside of class time:
 UNL was my first choice.
 When I have a deadline, I often waste time doing other things.
